Add CERN's SWAN to list of deployments (#1)
rccern/jupyterhub: docs/source/gallery-jhub-deployments.md

- What's new in Jupyter Notebooks @[Elucidata](https://elucidata.io/):
  - Using Jupyter Notebooks with Jupyterhub on GCP, managed by GKE - https://medium.com/elucidata/why-you-should-be-using-a-jupyter-notebook-8385a4ccd93d

### CERN

> - SWAN (Service for Web based ANalytics), a platform to perform interactive data analysis in the cloud, integrated with CERN compute, storage and software.

Reviewer: Service for Web-based ANalysis

  - [Official website](https://cern.ch/swan)
  - [Spark Monitor](https://github.com/swan-cern/sparkmonitor/) a jupyter extension to monitor Apache Spark applications
  - [Notebook gallery](https://swan-gallery.web.cern.ch/)

>   - [Sciencebox](https://cern.ch/sciencebox/) a SWAN deployment which includes CERN dependencies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [Sciencebox](https://cern.ch/sciencebox/) a full analysis setup, with SWAN (based on Zero to JupyterHub), and other CERN components (CERNBox, EOS, CVMFS)
```
@ebocchi what do you suggest? You usually have a nice way of saying things...
